You blind man
How dare you step on me?
Li Juan, you are so vicious
You and Mrs. Zhao join forces to kill me
Fortunately, I was lucky to escape
What else do you dare to do to me now?
Mr. Zhao actually killed again
That's right, this woman is my fiancee
Five years ago, I was in a car accident trying to save her life
Blinded his eyes
She is now colluding with Mrs. Zhao
To force me to break off my marriage and kill me
Murder is a big crime
That's not bad.
Murdering people's lives in broad daylight
I will bring you to justice today.
In this great summer
I am the king
So what if I wanted to kill him?
My Zhao family is the champion
Great Xia will definitely get the Dragon King today
I, Mrs. Zhao, will put this person above ten thousand people
Hold back any opinions you have
Otherwise, you will end up like him
Xiao Yan, since you are not dead, you should get away
How dare you run to a place like this to die
Open your dog eyes and show me clearly
This is where people like you belong
Oh, I'm sorry.
I forgot that you are blind
Somebody take him away from me
Just those few stinky fish and rotten shrimp still dare to fight with me
No makeup, you can see it.